Updates upgrade assistant doclinks to point to current rather than hard-coded 7.17 (#147585)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade/upgrade-standard.asciidoc

[[upgrade-standard]]
=== Standard upgrade

> NOTE: {kib} includes an {kibana-ref-all}/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[Upgrade Assistant] to help you prepare for an upgrade. To access the assistant, go to *Stack Management > Upgrade Assistant*.

Reviewer: Ditto:
```suggestion
NOTE: {kib} includes an <<upgrade-assistant,Upgrade Assistant>> to help you prepare for an upgrade. To access the assistant, go to *{stack-manage-app} > Upgrade Assistant*.
```

> NOTE: {kib} includes an https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[Upgrade Assistant] to help you prepare for an upgrade. To access the assistant, go to *Stack Management > Upgrade Assistant*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: {kib} includes an {kibana-ref-all}/7.17/upgrade-assistant.html[Upgrade Assistant] to help you prepare for an upgrade. To access the assistant, go to *Stack Management > Upgrade Assistant*.
```
